Hi.
Following this re going to focus on creating views not with sorry words but with code.
Okay so I'm going to create a new project I'm going to go for a single weave app and I'm just going
to name this project objects with code.
So we will be creating objects with called rather than Main storyboard.
So I'm going to go and save this on my eyes complete folder.
Ok so let me say create and we will be building our app in this project.
So why do we use code.
Why do we want to use code instead of mean that Storyboard So mean storyboard is actually pretty good
right.
We can do everything we can just see the options we can see the attributes and everything and we can
change them in here we can see the design.
Why do we want to create some V with code.
Because with code we get to create some views with respect to to screen size.
OK.
So we can do something like this create a button and calculate the distance of the width of the current
screen size and create the button respective to that value or just calculate the height of the current
screen size and create the button according to that value.
So in order to do that I'm going to go for my of the load.
So what is with the load.
Again remember.
So this is what happens when the first we have loads.
So this is what happens by users sees when user actually opens the app.
So I'm going to do my things here.
So I'm going to say my label is a UI labels so our labels that we drag and drop to a view is actually
a UI label objects.
So I can say my label the text is a test label so I can reach the attributes of label from here rather
than the attributes pane on the right hand side.
For example I can just change the text alignment here right so I can just say text alignment dot center.
So it means that just make it center or you can choose left and right as well.
So I'm gonna go for center.
So it's nothing different than adding the label and clicking over here to change the attributes.
Okay so we're okay with does my label think.
And we're getting some error if you do comment B it will build your current app and if you're getting
an error for no reason it will go away.
So again what do we want.
We want to specify right.
This label is going to be located on my v cape.
So right now I created it but I don't know where it will be.
All right.
I cannot drag and drop this imaginary object right now in order to do that.
I'm going to go for fraid so I'm going to give a frame to this view and it describes the view's location
and size so the size is important as well I didn't specify I haven't specified the location I haven't
specified the size yet that's what frame is for.
So after you do that frame you have to do C direct and open parentheses because this is what I expected
from us this is asking for an x and y value and the width and height value.
Okay so the X stands for the place in the x axis and Y Y is actually standing for the y axis.
Okay the vertical axis is Y and the horizontal axis is X and that is actually the width of the object
height is actually the height of the object.
So for example I'm going to go for hundred two hundred and I will see what does this label look like.
And I'm going to be okay after this.
I can just add this to my view and in order to do that I'm going to call value that add sub view.
Okay you can do it like this view and it refers to the UI view itself.
Okay.
The view remember when you choose the app from here.
The view itself is located inside of this view controller.
So are we referring to this view by typing viewing the view controller.
So I will say view dot at some view interval ask me for a view to add my label will be my sub view.
Now let's go and try this.
Let's see where our label is going to be located so that we can optimize it later on.
Let me run this into simulator as you can see that this advantage of this method is that I cannot see
it unless I run it in my simulator.
So we have to work with simulator very often in this case if we choose to place our we use place create
our views and labels and buttons on image you use and everything with this methods and later on we're
going to see an other method called SWIFT UI but we're going to see it later on because it's kind of
an advanced topic and came to our lives with a U.S. church chain.
It's a very good framework but we have to learn a lot before we move on to that.
So as you can see x 100 y 100 actually brought us here so we have to adjust these values a little bit
more.
For example 100 width and 100 Height worked pretty good.
But if I did it like this k then it wouldn't work because I can only see T right now with 10 is actually
very small I have to go with hundreds or plus.
So 100 is good for this kind of purpose.
Okay.
So I'm trying to understand what can I do with this with height and X and Y.
But there is a very good way to work with those values but you have to go a little bit mathematical
on this thing but it will work out pretty good.
We will calculate the current screen size within height and make our views according to those values
we get to do that in the next lecture.